background-repeat: clarify it's a list of values (#39283)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/background-repeat/index.md

## Description

> The property accepts a comma-separated list of values, with each value in the list being two [`<repeat-style>`](#values) keyterms, or one keyterm as a shorthand for the two values. When two values are provided, the first value defines the horizontal repetition behavior and the second value defines the vertical behavior.

Reviewer: Maybe we can shorten this?

```suggestion
The property accepts a comma-separated list of two [`<repeat-style>`](#values) keyterms, or one keyterm as a shorthand for the two values. When two values are provided, the first value defines the horizontal repetition behavior and the second value defines the vertical behavior.
```

Alternatively, the repeated background image can be stretched to cover the entire area without clipping. With `round`, the repeated image is stretched to fill all the available space until there is room to add an additional repeated image if the aspect ratio of the background image is not the same as the paint area's aspect ratio. For example, given a background image that is 100px x 100px and a background paint area of 1099px x 750px, the image will be repeated 10 times in the horizontal direction and 7 times vertically, for a total of 70 repetitions, with each image stretched in both directions to be 109.9px x 105px, altering the image's aspect ratio and potentially distorting it. If the width of the paint area increases by 1px, becoming 1100px wide, an 11th image will fit horizontally for a total of 77 image repetitions, with each image being painted at 100px wide and 105px tall, stretched only in the vertical direction.

## Values

> The property accepts a comma-seperated list of two `<repeat-style>` keyterms or one keyterm as a shorthand for the two values. The first value is the horizontal repetition. The second value is the vertical behavior. If only a single value is set to a value other than `repeat-x` or `repeat-y`, that value is applied the both vertices. The values include:

Author: ```suggestion
The property accepts a comma-separated list of two `<repeat-style>` keyterms or one keyterm as a shorthand for the two values. The first value is the horizontal repetition. The second value is the vertical behavior. If only a single value is set to a value other than `repeat-x` or `repeat-y`, that value is applied the both vertices. The values include:
```

> The property accepts a comma-seperated list of values. Each value includes up to two `<repeat-style>` keyterms. The first value is the horizontal repetition. The second value is the vertical behavior. If only a single value is set to a value other than `repeat-x` or `repeat-y`, that value is applied the both vertices. The values include:

Reviewer: Same as above?

```suggestion
The property accepts a comma-seperated list of two `<repeat-style>` keyterms or one keyterm as a shorthand for the two values. The first value is the horizontal repetition. The second value is the vertical behavior. If only a single value is set to a value other than `repeat-x` or `repeat-y`, that value is applied the both vertices. The values include:
```
